Improve description of IXamlMetadataProvider (#2156)
MicrosoftDocs/winrt-api: windows.ui.xaml.markup/ixamlmetadataprovider.md

# Windows.UI.Xaml.Markup.IXamlMetadataProvider

## -description

> Implements XAML type resolution, binding types identifed in markup with classes implemented in an application or component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implements XAML type resolution and provides the mapping between types used in markup and the corresponding classes implemented in an application or component.
```

# Windows.UI.Xaml.Markup.IXamlMetadataProvider

## -description

> Implements XAML type resolution, binding types identifed in markup with classes implemented in an application or component. The XAML compiler will generate classes that implement this interface. Application objects can also implement this to be another source of metadata.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for updating the docs!  Unsure how detailed the description should be, but could change this:

`The XAML compiler will generate classes that implement this interface. Application objects can also implement this to be another source of metadata.`

  These are important for how the interface is used in reality, don't know if they belong in the description.  If the usage in reality belongs in the description, an alternative more wordy description is:

  `The XAML compiler generates implementations of the interface within each component (application, library, or WinRT component) which uses XAML.  In applications, the implementation is generated on the application object itself.  For libraries and WinRT components, the implementation is generated on an anonymous class created by the XAML compiler.  Each IXamlMetadataProvider implementation provides type information for the controls defined in the component it's generated in.`

Reviewer 3: @ChrisGuzak, because the description text is used for VS IntelliSense, it's best to keep it short and basic. It would be preferrable to just use the first sentence as the updated description and put the detailed information in the remarks section.
